Add link from Cloud landing page to Web UI page (#1255)
temporalio/documentation: docs/cloud/index.md

sidebar_label: Temporal Cloud
---

> Temporal Cloud is a fully managed public cloud service for the [Temporal Platform](/concepts/what-is-the-temporal-platform), offered as an alternative to deploying and operating your own [Temporal Cluster](/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-cluster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal Cloud is a fully managed public cloud service for the [Temporal Platform](/temporal#temporal-platform), offered as an alternative to deploying and operating your own [Temporal Cluster](/clusters).
```

:::tip Updated UI

> Temporal Cloud is now using [Temporal Web UI v2](/web-ui) as the default UI.

Reviewer: This will exist as soon as this lands: https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/pull/1257
